bluetooth: mesh: Fix Light PI regulator-related issues. (#9865)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/mesh/light_ctrl/README.rst

********

This sample can be used to control the state of light sources.

> In addition to generic on and off functions, it allows changing the light level (brightness) of a LED light, and it allows LED light to react to supported sensor messages.

Reviewer: Alternatively:
In addition to generic on and off functions, it allows changing the light level (brightness) of a LED light.
It also allows the LED light to react to supported sensor messages.

|nrf5340_mesh_sample_note|

> Light PI regulator (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_LIGHT_CTRL_REG_SPEC`) is a separate module. It is enabled by default as it is necessary for :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` model according to `Bluetooth mesh model specification`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_LIGHT_CTRL_REG_SPEC` is set by default as it is necessary for the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` model according to the `Bluetooth mesh model specification`_. The option enables a separate module called illuminance regulator. For more information about the module, see the documentation on :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_reg_readme` and :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_reg_spec_readme`.
```

|nrf5340_mesh_sample_note|

The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_LIGHT_CTRL_REG_SPEC` is set by default as it is necessary for the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` model according to the `Bluetooth mesh model specification`_.
	The option enables a separate module called illuminance regulator.

> 	For more information about the module, see the documentation on :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_reg_readme` and :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_reg_spec_readme`.

Reviewer: It seems like there are some indenting issues for the two lines. Not sure what happened.

|nrf5340_mesh_sample_note|

> The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_LIGHT_CTRL_REG_SPEC` is set by default as it is necessary for the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` model according to the `Bluetooth mesh model specification`_. The option enables a separate module called illuminance regulator. For more information about the module, see the documentation on :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_reg_readme` and :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_reg_spec_readme`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_LIGHT_CTRL_REG_SPEC` is set by default as it is necessary for the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` model according to the `Bluetooth mesh model specification`_.
The option enables a separate module called illuminance regulator.
For more information about the module, see the documentation on :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_reg_readme` and :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_reg_spec_readme`.
```
